>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I think
it's time to do a challenge.
So I've already done the demonstration.
What I would like everybody to
do is in your widgets component,
essentially I want to create
a form with a save and
cancel button, populate the form
with your selected widget, and
then using ngForm, add in some validation
for editing the widget component.
Now, if you use the item detail
component as a reference, some of
the stuff is going to be done for you.
So you're just already going
to have the buttons created.
I would like you to hook them
into the component class.
So in other words,
when I click Save or Cancel,
I actually call a method on the class.
So actually wired up to the best and
fullest extent of your ability.